hello very good everyone here we are in
a new video today we are going to do the
video of the promotional envelopes
that of the game reserve that I did and
the sas a ticket because it is a ticket
as you can see here this is from
possessor of the season ticket
and well let's proceed to open the
fast videos because normally what
it comes out is pretty bad maybe today what
I record something good, I do not know if there will be
luck
jump and
well I said it
an mc mcd
one silver fight pretty
pretty rhythm we'll keep it
this is not sold
contracts as always
always always always know contracts
we will send it to the change deck for
sell them
we will put a quick auction
she is fine
532 training a lot of people use it
but I've tried to sell some and
I have never sold
therefore I discard it
we open another envelope more
good good good neither unique nor nothing
they have simply come out players in a
about gold that two players come out of
pretty sad silver but good so be it
always so nice
we will look to make changes the contracts
I will sell them
let's see let's see it 's all I have
we discard everything
and good since nothing has come out
we will open a small envelope of gold
with coins
or if there is luck
and well, there has not been much luck
tulio de melo
to whom it is great thing had you can
be
you can sell
and many more contracts are still thinking
in contracts
we send them to the change deck
with a morale to the club and well this has
been a whole video with the envelopes that
give to her so you can see that she does not
gives nothing of the other world and good if you
he liked the video as always
you know a like if we liked a
dislike and see you in the next video
see you later goodbye